Concrete::getById() must return only Concrete objects (#13508)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/23_Installation_and_Upgrade/09_Upgrade_Notes/README.md

# Upgrade Notes

## 10.5.10

> - [DataObject] Deprecated: Loading none Concrete objects with the Concrete class will not possible in Pimcore 11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [DataObject] Deprecated: Loading non-Concrete objects with the Concrete class will not be possible in Pimcore 11.
```
